# Agro-ware
‘Agro-ware’ is a website developed in order to help both the mass-buyers as well as the farmers of agricultural products. The website proves a platform where the buyers can list their needs and the farmers/vendors can list how much of that need they can satisfy.The website is made user-friendly so that everyone can use it easily.
The website aims to reduce the difficulties in the current system where the farmers have to wait for buyers to come buy their products. By being able to let the  buyers know the products are available, the wastage of crops can largely be reduced and profit  can be maximized. On the other hand, the exporters doesn’t have to travel to markets of different places in search of products they want. This makes a win-win situation for both buyers and sellers where maximum profit can be achieved by each party.
The website has thee types of users- Buyers, who can list their product based on their needs,  sellers- who can browse through the listed needs and inform how much of the needs they can satisfy , and Admin, who authorizes the users when they sign-up. The sign-up procedure stores the details of each users and their type in a table in the database. The sign-in page validates if the user is authenticated and if not prompts the user to sign up. The sign-in feature is common to all users and they will be re-directed to their respective dashboards based on their user type.
The ‘Buyer’ dashboard allows the user to list the quantity of products and when they want it. It also shows all the listed items and responses got from each items. The ‘seller’ dashboard allows the user to filter the items listed by the buyers based on availability. It allows the sellers to select how much of a listed item they have, their location and estimated availability time.
The ‘Admin’ Dashboard shows all the pending authentication requests and all transactions made using the website.

With the use of HTML, the website was created and its aesthetics were set using CSS. Javascript makes the website dynamic and all the data were stored using MySQL server using PHP as the back-end language.
